- Use when gazebo sim throws an error related to plugins

		export GZ_SIM_SYSTEM_PLUGIN_PATH=/opt/ros/jazzy/lib:$GZ_SIM_SYSTEM_PLUGIN_PATH

  I recommend putting it in bashrc using
   
		nano ~/ .bashrc
	
- Sometimes one forgets to generate the urdf after modifying the xacro. One can check what ros2 and gazebo actually see using 

		grep command_interface install/arm/share/arm/urdf/arm.urdf

  Also the command to generate urdf is
  
		xacro urdf/my_custom_arm.urdf.xacro > urdf/arm.urdf
  
  for the given package.

- When debugging effort controllers, always verify:

	1. Controller activation.
	2. Interface claiming.
	3. Command topic publication.
	4. Robot pose and collision state.
	
	
	- Verify controller activation using:
	
	```
	ros2 control list_controllers
	```
	
	- Verify effort interfaces:
	
	```
	ros2 control list_hardware_interfaces
	```
	
	- Verify commands were reaching the controller:
	
	```
	ros2 topic echo /effort_controller/commands
	```
	
	- Check inertia values and joint limits.
	
	```
	ros2 topic echo /joint_states
	```

# Issues with gazebo_moveit.launch.py

I did not add the use_sim_time commands in the launch because that would require modifying generic launch files generated by move_it so its no fun sadly. So every time you use the gazebo_moveit.launch.py the obv next step after it opening up is:

```
ros2 param set /robot_state_publisher use_sim_time true
ros2 param set /move_group use_sim_time true
```

# Issues with gz sim not using /clock

Apparently gz sim uses some sort of bridge to convey its clock to ros which was not present in my sim.launch.py.

```
Node(

package="ros_gz_bridge",

executable="parameter_bridge",

arguments=[

"/clock@rosgraph_msgs/msg/Clock[gz.msgs.Clock"

],

output="screen",

),
```

This is a snippet from arm/launch/sim.launch.py.

The biggest pointer for this is checking /joint_states:

```
ros2 topic echo /joint_states --once
```

and checking /clock and seeing whether it has any publishers:

```
ros2 topic info /clock
```

# YAML Issues 

YAMLs are case sensitive pls check even small spaces like 
```
-gripper 
```
rather than 
```
- gripper
```
can cause errors.